refactor: make Base and FieldComponent support form without object (#95)
pantographe/view_component-form: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Cross-documented Rails form helpers (#84)
- Made tag_klass optional when inheriting from a component class (#87)

> - Make Base and FieldComponent support form without object (#95)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow `Base` and `FieldComponent` to support forms without objects (#95)
```
